# House Price Prediction

The goal of this project is to estimate the house price of different available houses.

Each group will receive a dataset, which includes the same features. A detailed description of these features can be found in feature_description.txt (Feature Description).

The dataset consists of synthetic data, so it was generated by us. This allowed us to incorporate many properties different real world datasets have. Hence, please keep in mind that not each of the listed houses might be constructed like described in the real world (e.g. 20 sqm with 3 bathrooms), but still look out for other outliers in the data (like mentioned in the first lecture) and otherwise general logic still applies to this dataset (e.g. a house that was built thousands of years ago, but has the same properties as a newer one, may not make sense)!

Your tasks include 

1. Exploratory Data Analysis and Preprocessing of the data
2. Predicting the house prices
3. Evaluating your model 
4. Answering the following Questions 
   1. If I have a budget of €100,000, what kind of houses will I be able to buy? 
   2. How much money can I save if I decide not to get a house with a pool?

You have to evaluate your model yourself, so consider what could be good and appropriate evaluation methods.

At the end of this semester, you have to give a short presentation on your work.

Your presentation should have exactly

1. 1 or 2 EDA slides
2. 1 Method slide
3. 1 or 2 Evaluation slides
4. 1 Discussion slide

Of course you're allowed to add a title slide if you want to. The presentation should take a maximum of 10 minutes.

Please hand in your presentation (Group_xx.pdf) and your source code (Group_xx.zip) until 23.06.2024.

Have fun!